Adding docs for migrating from SDKv2 to the Framework (#461)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework: website/docs/plugin/framework/migrating/index.mdx

## Testing Migration

As you complete the migration, we recommend that you follow Test Driven Development by writing tests to ensure that the migration does not affect provider behavior. Refer to [Testing Migration](/plugin/framework/migrating/testing/testing#testing-migration) for details and an example.

## Migration steps

Take the following steps when you migrate a provider from SDKv2 to the Framework:

- Ensure all [tests](/plugin/framework/migrating/testing#testing-migration) pass.
- [Serve the provider](/plugin/framework/migrating/providers#serving-the-provider) via the Framework.
  - Implement [muxing](/plugin/framework/migrating/providers#muxing) if you plan to migrate the provider over several point releases.
- Update the [provider definition](/plugin/framework/migrating/providers#provider-definition) to use the Framework.
- Update the [provider schema](/plugin/framework/migrating/providers#provider-schema).
- Update each of the provider's resources and data sources.
  - Update related [tests](/plugin/framework/migrating/testing) to use the Framework, and ensure that the tests fail.

>   - Update the [resource](/plugin/framework/migrating/resources#schema) or [data source](/plugin/framework/migrating/data-sources) schema.
>   - Update the resource or data source's [CRUD function](/plugin/framework/migrating/resources/crud) definitions.
>   - Update the resource or data source's [attribute schema](/plugin/framework/migrating/attributes/schema).
>   - Update the resource's [import function](/plugin/framework/migrating/resources/import), if your provider supports importing the resource.
>   - Implement [plan modification](/plugin/framework/migrating/resources/plan-modification) if needed.
>   - Implement [state upgraders](/plugin/framework/migrating/resources/plan-modification) if needed.

Reviewer: Should we leave a lot of the details here to the resource overview page? Otherwise, this might be hard to ensure it stays up to date.

```suggestion
  - Migrate the [resource](/plugin/framework/migrating/resources) or [data source](/plugin/framework/migrating/data-sources).
```

If this content remains some of the links here will need to be updated including the "attribute schema" one and "state upgraders" one.
